docs(STONEINTG-900): Document the standardized test result outputs fo… (#301)
konflux-ci/docs: modules/testing/pages/integration/standardized-outputs.adoc

> = Standardized outputs

Reviewer: Do you want to contain this information here or should we only link to the ADR? 

We can also include a statement about how the results are rendered in the Konflux UI.

Author: My plan was to have brief introduction to the outputs so user get the idea of what each one represents, and if they are interested in more detail about it, they can look into the ADR.
Adding the infor about how results are rendered in the Konflux UI is good point, let me add it.

= Standardized outputs

Konflux is using standardized outputs in various places, this part of docs will provide more detail information about it.
Each one of the results described below is rendered in the UI, you simply click on task name and panel with details is showed
containing all results from the task. 

== TEST_OUTPUT

> Each test in build pipelinerun provides TEST_OUTPUT result [json] that sumarizes its outcome. It's then being evaluated by Conforma team whether the product can be released or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each tekton task in build pipelinerun provides TEST_OUTPUT result [json] that sumarizes its outcome. It's then being evaluated by Conforma team whether the product can be released or not.
```

> This result is also parsed by Integration-service, that means you can use it to fail individual test tasks without causing the entire pipeline to fail.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can expand on this, something like:
```suggestion
This result type can be also used in integration test pipelines and tasks where it can be parsed by the integration service when deciding the outcome of the integration test. This means you can use it to fail individual test tasks by emitting this result instead of failing the task, thus failing and stopping the entire pipeline. With this approach it is possible to run multiple tests within the same pipeline and pass or fail them individually. 
```

== SCAN_OUTPUT

This one is located within build definition task clair scan. SCAN_OUTPUT result[json] is displayed in different manner than TEST_OUTPUT, but it serves the same purpose.

> It additionaly displays found vulnerabilities, patched(RHSA fix) and unpatched ones.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can mention how it's rendered in Konflux, e.g. maybe even show the image:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93e1e885-2264-4f2c-8ddc-2e41fb9afa2c)

containing all results from the task. 

== TEST_OUTPUT

Each tekton task in build pipelinerun provides TEST_OUTPUT result [json] that sumarizes its outcome. It's then being evaluated by Conforma team whether the product can be released or not.

This result type can be also used in integration test pipelines and tasks where it can be parsed by the integration service when deciding the outcome of the integration test. This means you can use it to fail individual test tasks by emitting this result instead of failing the task and stopping the entire pipeline. With this approach it is possible to run multiple tests within the same pipeline and pass or fail them individually.

== SCAN_OUTPUT

This one is located within build definition task clair scan. SCAN_OUTPUT result[json] is displayed in different manner than TEST_OUTPUT, but it serves the same purpose.
It additionaly displays found vulnerabilities, patched(RHSA fix) and unpatched ones. Should be used in addition to TEST_OUTPUT.

image::vulnerabilities.png[role="border" alt="Vulnerabilities"]

== IMAGES_PROCESSED

> Result[json] for recording which image manifests are processed (i.e. multi-arch images). This enables the ability to validate that all architecture images have been scanned even if a task does not support scanning all image manifests.

Reviewer: A nitpick for my own suggestion?
```suggestion
Result[json] for recording which image digests are processed (i.e. multi-arch images). This enables the ability to validate that all of the image manifest architectures have been scanned even if a task does not support scanning all image manifests.
```

= Standardized outputs

Konflux is using standardized outputs in various places, this part of docs will provide more detail information about it.
Each one of the results described below is rendered in the UI, you simply click on task name and panel with details is showed
containing all results from the task. 

== TEST_OUTPUT

Each tekton task in build pipelinerun provides TEST_OUTPUT result [json] that sumarizes its outcome. It's then being evaluated by Conforma team whether the product can be released or not.

This result type can be also used in integration test pipelines and tasks where it can be parsed by the integration service when deciding the outcome of the integration test. This means you can use it to fail individual test tasks by emitting this result instead of failing the task and stopping the entire pipeline. With this approach it is possible to run multiple tests within the same pipeline and pass or fail them individually.

== SCAN_OUTPUT

This one is located within build definition task clair scan. SCAN_OUTPUT result[json] is displayed in different manner than TEST_OUTPUT, but it serves the same purpose.

> It additionaly displays found vulnerabilities, patched(RHSA fix) and unpatched ones.

Author: Good point, let me correct that.

image::vulnerabilities.png[role="border" alt="Vulnerabilities"]

== IMAGES_PROCESSED

> Result[json] for multiple images (i.e. multi-arch images), primary function to disambiguate the image references corresponding to the other Tekton results.

Reviewer: This phrase feels a little awkward ... but I don't have a better phrase off hand.
> disambiguate the image references corresponding to the other Tekton results.

Author: primary function is to clarify which image references are corresponding to the other Tekton results?

Author: Agreed.
